Cd release notes 789xx (#1819)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - May 22, 2023, version 793xx

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```
- Support for the **Enforce Git experience for pipelines and templates** Git experience. (CDS-67885)
  

>   A new Git experience is introduced, **Enforce git experience for pipelines and templates**. Enabling this setting will enforce users to create only remote pipelines and templates. If this setting is enabled, then the `InputSet` will be out of scope as it is controlled by the pipelines. 

Reviewer: Global comment: In some sentences we have used users and in some you. It will be consistent if we go with second-person usage.

[11:02](https://harness.slack.com/archives/D04L1SVQ334/p1684733564201189)
It will be consistent if we go with second person usage

>   A new Git experience is introduced, **Enforce git experience for pipelines and templates**. Enabling this setting will enforce users to create only remote pipelines and templates. If this setting is enabled, `InputSet` will be out of scope as it will be controlled by the pipelines. Users won't be able to create pipelines or templates if this setting is enabled.

Reviewer: Do we use third person?
Will it be okay to use You instead of Users?

  
  You can now change the input type of multiple services from runtime input to fixed.
- The Harness UI displayed incorrect default value for conditional execution. (CDS-68600)
  
  When you create a new pipeline, if you don't have any default value for conditional execution, the Harness UI showed that the **Execute this step if the stage execution is successful thus far** is selected, but the YAML view didn't reflect the same.

  This issue is fixed. If no options are selected, then the default strategy will be applied from the backend at runtime.
- When a delegate selector was added at the step, stage, or pipeline level in a Jenkins step, it did not override the delegate selectors from the Jenkins connector. (CDS_68312, ZD-43710)

  This issue is fixed. Any selector at a step, stage, or pipeline level overrides the selectors from the Jenkins connector.
- Helm charts were not being listed in a Helm service. (CDS-68193, ZD-43655)
  
  This issue is fixed by adding a Helm version query parameter in the API call to fetch charts dependent on the user's Helm version.
- Made code enhancements to not disable triggers if validation fails during runtime. (CDS-68168, ZD-43588)
  

>   Triggers were automatically disabled if Harness fails to fetch templates when validating a pipeline trigger. This was the expected behavior as Harness disables the trigger if pipeline validation fails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Triggers were automatically disabled if Harness failed to fetch templates when validating a pipeline trigger. This was the expected behavior as Harness disables the trigger if pipeline validation fails. 
```

  
  Harness' usages of Fabric8 library were throwing the above mentioned because Fabric8 library version 5.12.1 uses the old snake.yaml library version 1.x.

  Customers who were using the following were affected:
    - FirstGen Kubernetes deployments that contain Istio's VirtualService/DestinationRule objects.
    - FirstGen Traffic Split step.
    - FirstGen Native Helm deployments with Kubernetes cluster version 1.16 or earlier.
    - NextGen Kubernetes deployments that contain Istio's VirtualService/DestinationRule objects.
    - NextGen Native Helm deployments with Kubernetes cluster version 1.16 or earlier.

  This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx. This change does not create any behavioral changes. 
- The access denied exception was saving the OAuth secret in the Harness Source Code Manager (SCM) user profile. (CDS-68144)
  
  This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx by passing the context correctly from the SCM service to the Git service. 
- Pipelines with multi-level templates displayed Java errors. (CDS-68094)
  

>   This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx by improving the error messages in case a secret is referenced by another secret. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx by improving the error messages.
  
```

Reviewer: Do we need to add "in case a secret is referenced by another secret. "?
I couldn't understand. May be the user with more context around this error message can.

- Fixed an issue in the the Harness Delegate version 793xx by eliminating NPE during ASG pipeline execution. (CDS-59383)
- The Canary Delete step during rollback skipped deleting Canary resources if the forward Canary Delete step expired.(CDS-58704)
  
  Canary Delete step rely on the Harness release history when Canary Deployment step expires. Harness release history wasn't getting updated, and wasn't made available for the Canary Delete step during rollback because the Watch API call request wasn't getting interrupted properly.

>   This issue fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx. Now the Canary Delete step is properly deleting canary workloads when the forward Canary Deployment step expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue was fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx. Now the Canary Delete step is properly deleting canary workloads when the forward Canary Deployment step expires.
```

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - May 22, 2023, version 793xx

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```
- Support for the **Enforce Git experience for pipelines and templates** Git experience. (CDS-67885)
  

>   A new Git experience is introduced, **Enforce git experience for pipelines and templates**. Enabling this setting will enforce users to create only remote pipelines and templates. If this setting is enabled, then the `InputSet` will be out of scope as it is controlled by the pipelines. 

Author: ```suggestion
  A new Git experience is introduced, **Enforce git experience for pipelines and templates**. Enabling this setting will let you create only remote pipelines and templates. If this setting is enabled, then the `InputSet` will be out of scope as it is controlled by the pipelines. 
```

  
  The Fabric8 library used by Harness is upgraded from version 5.x to 6.x. Harness was explicitly using snake.yaml version 2.x due to vulnerabilities present in the 1.x version.
  
  Harness' usages of Fabric8 library were throwing the above mentioned because Fabric8 library version 5.12.1 uses the old snake.yaml library version 1.x.

  Customers who were using the following were affected:
    - FirstGen Kubernetes deployments that contain Istio's VirtualService/DestinationRule objects.
    - FirstGen Traffic Split step.
    - FirstGen Native Helm deployments with Kubernetes cluster version 1.16 or earlier.
    - NextGen Kubernetes deployments that contain Istio's VirtualService/DestinationRule objects.
    - NextGen Native Helm deployments with Kubernetes cluster version 1.16 or earlier.

  This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx. This change does not create any behavioral changes. 
- The access denied exception was saving the OAuth secret in the Harness Source Code Manager (SCM) user profile. (CDS-68144)
  
  This issue is fixed in the Harness Delegate version 793xx by passing the context correctly from the SCM service to the Git service. 

> - Pipelines with multi-level templates displayed Java errors. (CDS-68094)

Author: ```suggestion
- Pipelines with multi-level templates displayed Java errors because a secret was referenced by another secret. (CDS-68094)
```
